Ameliorate ; make (something bad or unsatisfactory) better.
Fierce ;having or displaying a violent or ferocious aggressiveness.
Boisterous ;noisy, energetic, and cheerful.
Ascertain ;find (something) out for certain, make sure of.
Conspiracy ;a secret plan by a group to do something unlawful or harmful.
Exacerbate ;make (a problem, bad situation, or negative feeling) worse.
Executive ;a person or group of persons having administrative or supervisory authority in an organization.
Constitution ;a set of fundamental principles or established precedents according to which a state or other organization is governed.
Prophetic ;accurately predicting what will happen in the future.
Confession ;the acknowledgment of one's sins (sinfulness) or wrongs.
Normal ;conforming to the standard or the common type.
Enthusiasm ;intense and eager enjoyment, interest, or approval.
Virtual ;almost or nearly as described, but not completely or according to strict definition.
Stewardess ;a woman flight attendant.
Typical ;having the distinctive qualities of a particular type of person or thing.
Consistent ;acting or done in the same way over time, especially so as to be fair or accurate.
Deteriorate ;become progressively worse.
Polemical ;of or involving strongly critical or disputatious writing or speech.
Effective ;successful in producing a desired or intended result.
Mitigate;make (something bad) less severe, serious, or painful.
Fastidious ;very attentive to and concerned about accuracy and detail.
Delicious ;highly pleasant to the taste.
Curiosity ;a strong desire to know or learn something.
Novel;a fictitious prose narrative of book length, typically representing character and action with some degree of realism.
Bogus ;not genuine or true.
Tasty ;having a pleasant, distinct flavour.
Alleviate; make (suffering, deficiency, or a problem) less severe.
Delightful;having the pleasant taste characteristic of sugar or honey, not salt, sour, or bitter
Contemporary ;living or occurring at the same time.
Obsolete ;no longer produced or used, out of date.
Engage ;occupy or attract (someone's interest or attention).
Interest;the feeling of wanting to know or learn about something or someone.
Fresh ;not previously known or used, new or different.
Yummy ;having a pleasant, distinct flavour.
Hostess;a woman who receives or entertains guests. 
Sweet;having the pleasant taste characteristic of sugar or honey, not salt, sour, or bitter.
Fanciful ;over-imaginative and unrealistic.
Tolerance ;the ability or willingness to tolerate the existence of opinions or behaviour that one dislikes or disagrees with.
Frugality ;the quality of being economical with money or food, thriftiness.
Stinginess;unwilling to share, give, or spend possessions or money
Overshadow ;tower above and cast a shadow over.
Temperance ;abstinence from alcoholic drink.
Tumultuous ;making an uproar or loud, confused noise.
Passionate;having, showing, or caused by strong feelings or beliefs.
Eminence ;fame or acknowledged superiority within a particular sphere.
Notoriety ;the state of being famous or well known for some bad quality or deed.
Precarious ;not securely held or in position, dangerously likely to fall or collapse.
Orthodox;following or conforming to the traditional or generally accepted rules or beliefs of a religion, philosophy, or practice.
Eccentric; unconventional and slightly strange.
Amorous ;showing, feeling, or relating to sexual desire.
Conventional ;based on or in accordance with what is generally done or believed.
Innovation;the action or process of innovating.
Acerbic ;(especially of a comment or style of speaking) sharp and forthright.
Meticulous ;showing great attention to detail, very careful and precise.
Restive ;(of a person) unable to remain still, silent, or submissive, especially because of boredom or dissatisfaction.
Placid;not easily upset or excited.
Mysterious; difficult or impossible to understand, explain, or identify.
Fortuitous ;happening by chance rather than intention.
Indecorous ;not in keeping with good taste and propriety, improper.
Rational;based on or in accordance with reason or logic.
Flexibility ;the quality of bending easily without breaking.
Diffidence ;modesty or shyness resulting from a lack of self-confidence.
Prolixity ;extended to great, unnecessary, or tedious length, long and wordy
Austerity;sternness or severity of manner or attitude
Taciturnity ;the trait of reticence, of seeming aloof and uncommunicativ
Volubility ;the quality of talking fluently, readily, or incessantly, talkativeness
Pellucid ;easily understood, lucid.
Complementary;combining in such a way as to enhance or emphasize the qualities of each other or another
Bolster ;a long, thick pillow that is placed under other pillows for support.
Aloof ;not friendly or forthcoming, cool and distant.
Placid ;not easily upset or excited
Skittish; nervous or excitable, easily scared.
Endeavor ;try hard to do or achieve something.
Conference; a dessert pear of a firm-fleshed variety.
Research ;the systematic investigation into and study of materials and sources in order to establish facts and reach new conclusions.
Cursory;hasty and therefore not thorough or detailed.
Conversation ;a talk, especially an informal one, between two or more people, in which news and ideas are exchanged.
Dialogue ;a talk, especially an informal one, between two or more people, in which news and ideas are exchanged.
Concisely ;expressing or covering much in few words
Reference;the action of mentioning or alluding to something.
Bibliographical; A list of the written sources of information on a subject
Advisor ;a person who gives advice in a particular field.
Criticism ;the expression of disapproval of someone or something on the basis of perceived faults or mistakes.
Critical;expressing adverse or disapproving comments or judgements.
Hard ;solid, firm, and rigid, not easily broken, bent, or pierced.
Argument ;an exchange of diverging or opposite views, typically a heated or angry one.
Galaxy ;a system of millions or billions of stars, together with gas and dust, held together by gravitational attraction.
Majesty;impressive beauty, scale, or stateliness.